- Hi, I'm Kelly with Microsoft. And today we are broadcasting live from the United Kingdom's RC Racetrack to our global audience. Creating compelling live events may appear simple but production teams know all too well the complexities in delivering these experiences. Integrating and operating technical systems, applications, networks, and onsite personnel can be daunting as well as costly and time consuming. Microsoft's digital experience solution helps to simplify the delivery of live events by removing these complexities while also reducing required onsite personnel. Microsoft has partnered with industry leading vendors, Evertz, MediaKind and Lumen to provide a pre-integrated global solution that scales for events of any size. The live events process consists of five phases. Ingest, produce, prepare, distribute, and experience. These phases span the workflow from the point of media acquisition to the in consumer experience on a consumer device. Each partner plays an important role in delivering the live event. This solution also spans multiple locations, both geographical and virtual, from the racetrack to Microsoft's Azure cloud, to the consumer's device. The workflow commences with MediaKind acquiring and encoding media from the event location. The media is then delivered across a Lumen contribution network to Evertz's Bravo studio running in Azure. From there, the raw feeds are mixed together and the produced output streams are pushed to MediaKind's Aquila platform, where they are processed and prepared for consumer consumption. The prepared streams are subsequently delivered across Lumens content delivery network to the consumer device of choice. Let's break the solution down, beginning with Evertz. Evertz Bravo Studio is a cloud first virtual production platform serving as a production studio for our live events. Residing in the Azure cloud, Bravo Studio is a collection of resources you can find in traditional production workflows. Its simple, intuitive interface can be used by any production to collaborate from anywhere. Bravo Studios mixes together raw feeds as well as additional content to create a produced stream for the intended audience. Let's get back to the track and see Bravo Studio in action. We have six sources of raw media and the output for the produced stream displayed. The sources are comprised of four camera feeds at the track, our announcer, who is offsite using Microsoft Teams, and a graphics club. Through this interface, we can select any source, preview it, take a transition and output the result to air. Watch as we easily switch between the different angles at the track. We can also switch audio and overlays here. We overlay our announcers audio onto the races video feeds to deliver the commentary. Audio of course requires the ability to manipulate the audio levels. Here have an audio mixer which allows us to alter the announcer's voice as well as audio coming from the track to create a pleasing experience for the viewer. With Bravo Studio, we can spruce up our production with graphics. In this case, we can use a transition to return to the action. Bravo studio uses co-pilots to simplify the production workflow for the operators. We have created a storyboard comprised of three components, the graphic, transition, and ultimately the camera angle we wish to use upon completion of the segment in the rundown. Let's take this to air and we'll see the graphics countdown followed by the transition and the live camera feed. In this demonstration, we've shown several of Bravo Studio's virtual production capabilities that result in a stream ready for distribution. This stream can be sent either to MediaKind for distribution to our consumer's favorite digital device, or to a Microsoft Teams live event where you may want to support a watch party or include it in a meeting or presentation. MediaKind's Aquila is a cloud native broadcast quality OTT streaming as a service platform. It provides content processing, streaming services, and enables media monetization. This robust service is built on Microsoft's Azure cloud and simplifies the configuration and integration associated with media processing and streaming. It also dynamically allocates and scales resources depending on the workload, allowing for cost optimizations across both Aquila software and the infrastructure it resides within. Aquila can be deployed in any Azure region, providing the services you need where you need them. Lastly, MediaKind's technology can reduce network bandwidth, player latency, and content delivery network file caching, thereby improving the consumer's experience and lowering your operating cost. Let's use Aquila to create a channel for our racetrack event. Starting with a homepage, we see a list of the streaming channels representing our racetrack camera angles already running. The green check mark indicates the channel is running and there are no alarms. For each channel, you can see the templates, source, and Azure region being used. To create our produced stream, we must first create a source and then a channel. From the source screen, we define a name, input mode, and Azure region where the source will reside, and then click add new. Once the source is created, the IP address and port information are available. These will be used by Bravo Studio to send the produced stream into the appropriate MediaKind source. Next, let's create a channel. From the create channel screen, we define a new channel name and select the source we just created. We then select a template from the desired preset channel configuration. In this case, we opt for a standard template. Templates make it easy to spin up multiple channels with the same configuration by predefining the channel's attributes. A default set of templates is included and additional customized templates can be easily added by the customer. Although we've created our channel, nothing has been provisioned within the Azure environment yet. To provision the channel, the activate or play button is selected, and the necessary services are deployed into Azure where they are configured based on our template. The entire process is fully automated, and once complete the URLs for the adaptive bit rate streams are available. Here we see our channel stream and corresponding URL. Aquila also supports dynamic ad insertion and blackouts. Let's demonstrate this manually using this view where we see multiple streams of the produced content. The largest window in the top left corner is showing the video being pulled from the origin, bypassing the personalization service that's used for ad insertion and blackouts. The six streams on the bottom are all coming from the personalization service, each representing an audience that is being targeted or blacked out based on geographic region and interest. By clicking the ad button, we instruct the platform to insert an ad signal into the stream in real time, indicating the start of an ad break with a duration of 10 seconds. Each audience will receive a different ad determined by the ad decisioning server based on their location and interest. Some content licensing will require blackouts to be enforced for a portion of the audience. In our case, it's based on geography. Clicking on the blackout button instruct the platform to insert a different signal into the stream, indicating the start of the program to be blacked out. For a demonstration, our blackout has a duration of 10 seconds and as being applied to the Florida zone one region. So all viewers in that region will get the same slate indicating their region is blacked out. The rest of our audience will continue to receive our racetrack event. We now have a produced stream ready for distribution across a global audience with personalized ads inserted and geographic blackouts enforced.

- As we mentioned earlier, this is a a geographically dispersed production that includes an event location, Microsoft's Azure cloud, and audience members around the globe. Broadcasts of this type require low latency networks to deliver the signal across many discreet locations. For our car race, Lumen provides the signal acquisition network Vyvx for contribution from the event location to Microsoft's Azure cloud, as well as the content delivery network from Microsoft's cloud to the audience. The network is designed to deliver reliable low latency connectivity to help ensure the timely delivery of media across the camera to consumption workflow. Lumen's Vyvx Venue Net is installed on premises at over 240 stadiums and event venues today. It includes dedicated encoding equipment and managed video network services with high capacity fiber connections to the Lumen backbone. Vyvx offers white glove fully managed services for high profile events worldwide, with zero tolerance for failure. The service includes 24/7 booking, a customer care center, and self-service portals to support video delivery anytime and virtually anywhere. Lumen's content distribution flow begins in the Azure cloud where the produced streams can be distributed to multiple types of outlets. Distribution to television outlets and multi value programming distributors typically leverages either the Vyvx fiber network or teleport services which are used to reach outlets not on the Vyvx fiber network. Alternatively, the Lumen CDN provides OTT streaming capabilities to online viewers leveraging Lumen's global IP network backbone and strong ISP peering relationships to deliver best in class streaming experiences. One of the largest CDNs in the world, the Lumen content delivery network, is globally architect for high availability and low latency. Its security features include encrypted delivery over the network and active monitoring to mitigate security threats. Additionally, the Lumen CDN can be augmented with their peer assisted mesh delivery to enhance quality of service, increase reach, and enable reliable scaling for flash crowds during high traffic events.

- Microsoft's Azure cloud is the public cloud providing the compute, storage, networking and data to power the solution. Azure enables producers to dynamically stand up their events where, and when they need them. It has the largest geographical footprint of any cloud provider today, with over 60 regions, 200 data centers, and 4 million servers worldwide. For resiliency, regions are comprised of availability zones which are data centers geographically close to one another that have been designed to have no single point of failure. Azure services such as data and compute contain built in resiliency orchestration services. Microsoft is also doing our part to build a sustainable future. We are making a commitment to be carbon negative by 2030 and to move our historical impact by 2050. Microsoft's progress benefits you because we emit 98% less CO2 and use 93% less energy than on-premises data centers today. This live event solution further enables a virtualized production team to reduce their CO2 footprints. Equally concerning are the security issues we are facing from malicious actors, whether they are nation states or individuals. Microsoft's identity and access management platform, Active Directory, is a key component of an effective security policy. And it's used by over 90% of Fortune 500 companies today. with Active Directory, you will have single identity spanning all of your applications, including Evertz Bravo Studio, MediaKind's Aquila and Lumen networks. Further authorization can be hardened with multifactor authentication. AD works for applications both in the cloud and on premise, enabling universal access to every application. Microsoft's live event solution offers four key benefits to producers. First, this pre-integrated solution provides a comprehensive set of capabilities spanning the full camera to OTT workflow removing operational complexities and enabling you to focus on being creative. Second, turnkey operations are enabled by combining Evertz, MediaKind, Lumen and Microsoft's highly scalable, low latency, broadcast ready and globally accessible capabilities in a convenient pay as you go model. Third, this solution delivers simplified provisioning to enable faster time to value and is offered in both self support and managed service models. Lastly, the solution is secured using Microsoft's identity management platform to support a single identity across each of the applications. Further multi factor authentication helps safeguard access to data and applications while meeting user demand for a simple sign in process. Microsoft has set ambitious sustainability goals and has been focused on both emissions and natural resource usage. Our leadership in these areas translates into our customers reaping benefits when they use Microsoft Cloud. This concludes our live event from the racetrack today.